hey guys Horatio here with review number
one from a three part review series of
three figures in the band I motion
revive blank box series today we are
going to be doing common writer Sarah
knows he's definitely one of my
favorites I'm a huge fan of common
writer denno if my regular viewers
haven't figured that out already it's
far and above one of my favorite common
writers series so let's check them out
and see what all he does BAM here we are
with Sarah nose and the box which
features him on the cover it features
him on the cover regardless of which
figure it is inside of the box so for
starters starters I will bring up the
box and we'll check it out
you can see the other figures available
in the set
and so now that you've seen that put the
Box down and let's take a look at Zarin
os-- he came with his weapon which is
unpainted as well as the pieces of his
weapon which can clip to his belt I have
a tendency to pose him with his weapon
because it looks significantly cooler so
we'll bring him up and take a look at
his details the motion revived figures
are spectacular and I know I'm not the
first to extol their their virtues the
paint the molding for their price range
you can't beat this added to the fact
that they are in fact poseable when
normally figures in their price range
are solid plastic or solid vinyl makes
them highly coveted the only problem
with Zehra noses there is some fading
and the paint in his eyes that makes
them more of a seafoam teal than an
actual bright green see his hands his
head it's got quite a bit of mobility
I'm going to take his weapon away so
that we can view his mobility he's got
his ab crunch a nice amount of shoulder
mobility and a double joint in the elbow
as well as just turning wrist mobility
then his hips rotate turn out with a
double joint in the knee and ankle
mobility an astounding amount of
mobility and then the molding on his
belt and on his suit is just exquisite
he is just an exquisite piece to have
they're so affordable typically you'll
find them for around five to ten dollars
a piece it's a shame that the line has
been abandoned because there's such
beautiful figures to have around they're
very fun to pose and you can actually
pose them in action poses fighting each
other fighting whatever posing with
their weapons they are just the coolest
figures so I can't recommend them enough
if you can get a hold of them
and look forward to part two of this
review series where I'll go over denno
wing form thanks a ton for watching guys
comment favorite like subscribe all of
that wonderful stuff and I will see you
all at part 2 of this review series